My hard life.
Soon you and Long me
This will lead to the family later.
When will I be able to live this simple, affluent second-generation life?
This body is comparable to coconut milk.
What did you say?
I didn't say anything. Are you okay?
Bad wine?
I'm fine.
Maybe I heard it wrong.
What are you doing here?
Visiting the old man.
Oh, then I'll thank you first for grandpa.
But now my grandfather is taking a nap.
Wait for the doctor to come and cure my grandfather.
Let me take you back to the tea room first.
When Father and Long Long arrive, we will visit him together.
Wang Long Long also came.
Yeah, what's wrong?
Oh lady, this trick is Dragon Kingdom as a spy, serious collusion.
You can only step on the injured back.
Saved by the King's Blood
That is, just now, you just need to be a quiet handsome man to survive.
What?
Didn't I wash my face today?
Is there any eye feces?
No.
I don't know who I am.
But I seemed to be able to hear what Tang was thinking.